# Comp-Graphic-and-Visualization

How do I approach designing software? What new design skills has your work on the project helped you to craft? Designing this project has built my knowledge of how 2D-3D scenes are made. I used all the available resources in OpenGL to build my design. During the course of creating the 3D scene, all the module examples that were provided were great to start the scene and shape all the objects. It helped me apply textures, lighting, etc. To begin I started to draw and get the coordinates for all the objects and how I wanted the objects placed on the scene. Then I started putting all the information into my code and editing any errors and running some tests to check if the objects were in the order I wanted them to be. After arranging the object I added textures, lighting, controls, and camera controls. I ran some more tests to see if everything was working properly and used the coding best practices. How could tactics from your design approach be applied in future work? The tactics I used can be implemented into any project, by analyzing the requirements and editing the code. By using the coding best practices I made sure the code is maintainable, adaptable, readable, and reusable. Finally, modularizing the code ensures that changes can be made quickly without editing multiple lines of code throughout the entire codebase. 

How do I approach developing programs? What new development strategies did you use while working on your 3D scene? I used incremental and iterative development to divide the projects into smaller assignments every week, which enabled me to complete the project on time. I also put into practice ideas I previously knew, such as object-oriented programming and code modularization. How did iteration factor into your development? This project's development largely incorporated iteration. To assure the timely completion of each week's task and milestone, iteration was utilized in conjunction with incremental development. I was able to design new feature code using iterative development, then create and test it over the course of a week. The final project was broken down into weekly milestones thanks to the incremental development. How has your approach to developing code evolved throughout the milestones, which led you to the project’s completion? Throughout each milestone, I started by adding each individual requirement that was required for each module and implementing it into the project. By the seventh week, I made sure all the objects were created and had all the textures needed. I also made sure the camera and moving features were functioning right. The last step was running some more testing and reading over the code to make sure it follows the best coding practices.

 How can computer science help me in reaching my goals? How do computational graphics and visualizations give you new knowledge and skills that can be applied in your future educational pathway? Computer graphics and visualizations have given me a better understanding of OpenGL and C++ and the many ways they can be used. This course has equipped me with crucial problem-solving abilities and a practical example of how to use arithmetic to build objects in a program. I can use my newly acquired abilities to effectively complete tasks in the future and produce graphical visualizations when required. How do computational graphics and visualizations give you new knowledge and skills that can be applied in your future professional pathway? Computer graphics and visualization have taught me that OpenGL and C++ can be used and applied in many different ways. If a position needed a working understanding of OpenGL, OpenGL might be useful. Otherwise, the confidence I've developed working with C++ will enable me to advance as a developer and produce ever-more challenging projects over time. Additionally, this course taught me the value of testing and modularizing my code, two skills that will be crucial to my future job.


